[Music]
ten things that are way more effective
if used differently most people look at
common household items and think nothing
of it
but truly creative and original thinkers
can take ordinary objects and repurpose
them for more effective uses a plastic
cup this party staple can actually be
used as a measuring cup those lines
aren't just there for decoration but to
designate different amounts of liquids
but don't worry there are way more
imaginative ways than just using one
type of cup as another type of cup you
can also plant seedlings in them safely
packaged cupcakes individually imply the
sound on your smartphone or put them in
a box as packing material and if you
really want to think outside the box
make some unique and unforgettable
pieces of art from a chandelier to a
wall installation ketchup if your hair
is turned green after a bad dye job or
swimming in the pool hold on a sec
before you go running to the salon
there's a perfect low-cost solution
right in your fridge use ketchup as a
hair mask just like Sienna Miller did
depending on the length of your hair
you'll need to decide how much you need
just make sure it's enough to saturate
all your hair from root to tip then wrap
your hair up in some saran wrap and wait
for 30 minutes use this mask every day
until your hair gets back to its normal
tone interesting in other ways you can
use this condiment besides covering your
hot dog or french fries
then try the following clean your
silverware with it ketchup contains a
lot of vinegar which is super effective
at shining silver copper and brass an
additional bonus is that ketchup is
eco-friendly unlike those toxic
store-bought chemicals is an empty
squeezy ketchup bottle to put pancake
batter in then you can just squeeze the
batter right into the frying pan and get
those perfectly round pancakes that
seemed to exist only in commercials
fries ketchup packets and make
child-sized ice packs these little ice
packs are also great for minor burns
it's a lot cheaper and no less effective
Legos the uses of these popular building
blocks for kids are endless you can use
Legos as a fun educational tool to teach
children basic math a Lego key rack is
super easy to make and looks really cool
tired of holding up your phone when
you're binge watching YouTube videos
make a bone stand from Lego blocks get
creative in the kitchen with this
stylish knife holder you'll really make
a statement at special events with beef
Lego cufflinks a bookshelf lamp jewelry
even a prosthetic limb for your pet
turtle the list just keeps going if you
can imagine it Legos can build it binder
clips every home in office has a tangled
mess of cords just attach some binder
clips to your desk table or TV stand
and voila no more mess create a safe
cover for your razor with the help of a
binder clip or use it as a money clip
if Lego cufflinks aren't really your
style then make some with miniature
binder clips tired of rolling that tube
of toothpaste over and over again each
time you use it just clip it in place
a simple binder clip is a lifesaver if
your teabag lost its string have one or
both of the legs broken off of your
keyboard don't toss it or buy a
replacement make a prosthetic leg with
the help of binder clips if you're the
type of person who always take the list
when you go grocery shopping use a
binder clip to attach your list to your
cart pretty cool right a rake take the
handle off an old rake wash it repaint
it and you've got yourself an innovative
wineglass hanger for your kitchen or you
can do the same thing but use it to hang
gardening tools really scrub it clean
and paint it a beautiful color before
putting it on your bedroom wall to hang
your necklaces ties scar
or belts a rake head makes an excellent
mail sorter and magazine holder grilled
hot dogs for everybody all at once with
the help of a rake just be sure to scrub
it squeaky clean and disinfect it
thoroughly safety first
olive oil do you use facial oils in your
skincare routine
if so it's not all that surprising we're
all familiar with the cosmetic benefits
of different oils but did you know you
can use olive oil to give new life to
faded and scratch the leather I mean it
does make sense
leather is made from animal skin after
all just take a paintbrush dip it in
some olive oil paint it onto your
leather goods and they'll look good as
new another way to use olive oil outside
the kitchen is to clean your makeup
brushes to do this you'll need to
combine 1 parts olive oil and 2 parts
water massage this mixture into the
brushes and then rinse them thoroughly
finally before you run to the hardware
store to get some wd-40 for that squeaky
door that's been annoying the heck out
of you grab some olive oil from your
kitchen cabinet it's a great natural
odor free alternative for this simple
problem just put a couple of drops on
the squeaky hinge and that door will be
quiet as a mouse a mouse that doesn't
squeak bet it's a wooden clothespin a
simple clothespin can help keep your
finger safe while hammering in a nail
just pinch the nail with a clothespin
and hold the other side of it with your
fingers you can also use clothespins to
decorate your walls with personal photos
or drawings just hang some strings on
the wall and fix the pictures or art to
it with the help of clothes pins you can
even paint the clothes pins for an even
prettier effect everyone knows the
struggle of disappearing gloves and
socks and of course it's always just one
of them that seems to vanish well just
use some clothes pins to keep pairs
together and prevent any Runaways from
making their great escape for all the
bookworms out there a clothespin makes a
nice bookmark or can hold the pages
together while you're reading
a muffin pen next time you have a
barbecue use a muffin pan for sauces and
condiments plus you'll have fewer dishes
to wash afterwards or you can serve your
kids some lunches or snacks in a muffin
pan it's a lot more interesting
presentation wise for your little ones
all right
let's step out of the kitchen and into
the garage use a muffin pan to store
your nails and screws in an organized
way it's also a perfect solution for
mixing paints this way there's no mess
and cleanup will be a breeze keep your
jewelry from getting all mixed together
or tangled with the help of this
Universal pan spaghetti if you don't
have long matches but need to light a
candle in a glass holder don't risk
burning your hands on the side of the
glass just light a stick of spaghetti
and use it instead of a mat the same
goes for lighting all the candles on a
birthday cake no offense grandma but
they don't make matches long enough to
like all your 80-some candles you can
also take an empty wine box and stop it
full of dry spaghetti and why would you
do this well you've just made yourself a
nice block if you need to transport a
beautifully decorated cake break up some
dry spaghetti and stick some of the
pieces in the top and sides of the cake
that way the plastic you cover it with
won't stick to the icing and ruin your
masterpiece Vicks VapoRub
this is a common remedy used for
treating colds and muscle pains however
due to its antibacterial and
pain-killing properties it can be used
for tons of other problems for example
you can put a small amount of the
ointments on a cotton ball and place it
in your ear to soothe the pain of an
earache just don't push it in as deep as
you can and remember the vapor rub only
helps for pain so if you have an
infection you'll still need the proper
medication to treat it
share this video with your friends and
remember to hit the like button if you
want to see more of our funny useful and
interesting videos subscribe to our
Channel and stay with us on the bright
side